# Why Cancellable Biometrics?
Aliviate concerns about the compromise of the privacy of individuals.

# Requisites:
1. Efficiency: cancelable biometrics should not deteriorate
recognition performance.
Identity can be recognized without the knowledge of the distortion transform. 
2. Re-usability: there should be straightforward revocation
and reissue procedures in the event of compromise.
3. Diversity: the same cancelable template should not be
used in two different applications.
4. Non-invertibility: the recovery of the original biometric
template from cancelable biometrics should be prevented.
5. Identity can be recognized without the knowledge of the distortion transform.
- Robustness against cross-matching.

# Previous approaches:
1. Distance between two signals can be approximately preserved before and after random projections of them if the random projection matrix is properly designed.
2. 2014: M. Dey, N. Dey, S. K. Mahata, S. Chakraborty, S. Acharjee, and A. Das, "Electrocardiogram feature based inter-human biometric authentication
system". Proposed BioHash
    * The bio-hash code is generated by performing the inner products of the feature matrices and a random code that is given by the user. 
3. 2018: "Cancelable ECG Biometrics Using Compressive Sensing-Generalized Likelihood Ratio Test" Proposed GLRT.
    * A compressive measurement for ECG is built from multiplying the original with a random transformation matrix H.
4. Chen et al. [12], presented a cancelable ECG scheme based on multi-lead ECG. To
solve the problem of subspace overlapping, they used the multiple signal classification (MUSIC), which controls the individuality of an unknown beat. 
5. DNA + amino Acid:
    * We converted each number in the feature matrix to an 8-bit binary number to convert it to a DNA sequence according to the value. After converting each 8-bit binary number to DNA, we converted each DNA to protein (PM), which is called an amino acid. Finally, we converted each amino acid alphabet to a positive integer number and add the final numbers to the cancelable matrix. When converted DNA to protein it must be converted to RNA first then convert the RNA to protein.

# Ideas:

Cancellable method: 2^10 binary array of activation vs off or 10 different CycleGans